content/home/home.md, before:

---
widget: pages
headless: true
weight: 10
active: true
design:
  columns: 1
---
The RoboCup German Open 2022 are conducted in a distributed manner to allow major leagues to conduct local events and compete despite the pandemic. Find an overview on the conducted events [here](https://robocup.de/go2022-en/).

Due to the expressed interest by teams in the RoboCup Logistics League the RCLL Aachen 2022 event is created as a per-league local event for the RC GO 2022.

The event will be held in premises belonging to the [Laboratory for Machine Tools and Production Engineering (WZL) of RWTH Aachen University](https://www.wzl.rwth-aachen.de/go/id/sijq/?lidx=1).
The given room size of 35m * 17m will give enough space to organize a full-scale RCLL including the full playing field and tables etc. for upto 5-6 teams and an eduroam-based
internet access for the teams. The latter would also be available via guest accounts.

Due to the unpredictability, we are preparing for different scenarios ranging from a full physical championship to an online event.
Teams joining remotely will have the opportunity to play with the rules applied at the world-wide RoboCup 2021. The same applies if we can only conduct online events.

The event is planned for the time frame between May 2. till May 6.

Commit message:

content: setup finalization of website for 2022 event
This still misses a link on the actual livestreams.

content/home/home.md, after:

---
widget: pages
headless: true
weight: 10
active: true
design:
  columns: 1
---
The RoboCup German Open 2022 have been conducted in a distributed manner to allow major leagues to conduct local events and compete despite the pandemic. Find an overview on the conducted events [here](https://robocup.de/go2022-en/).

After an exciting setup time the teams were ready for either presence or remote participation during May 2. - May 6. 2022.

We greatly want to thank everyone involved for the great time, the organizational help and a beautiful display of the pleasures of science/engineering all around! Without all of you this event would not have been possible. Thank you!

We specially thank the [Laboratory for Machine Tools and Production Engineering (WZL) of RWTH Aachen University](https://www.wzl.rwth-aachen.de/go/id/sijq/?lidx=1) and the [Mobile Autonomous Systems and Cogntive Robotics Institute](https://maskor.fh-aachen.de/en/) for sponsoring the whole event by providing the required space along with the machines required for a full-scale RoboCup Logistics League experience.
We also thank [Festo Didactic](https://www.festo-didactic.com) for the preparation of the machines and the on-site maintenance of the field.
