content/home/registration.md, before:

---
widget: pages
headless: true
weight: 30
title: Registration 
subtitle: Information as sent out via email
active: true
---

As we're approaching closer to the actual event registration is now live and the event will be held under the following conditions:

## RCLL Aachen - 2022 Registration Fees and Deadlines

##### MAJOR FEES:

Thanks to the Laboratory for Machine Tools and Production Engineering (WZL) of RWTH Aachen University, Festo Didactic and the MASCOR Institute we were able to reduce the costs of the RCLL Aachen event to a minimum which doesn't justify the previously announced registration fees anymore.

Hence there will be **no registration fee**.

##### TEAM REGISTRATION: 

Until April 17, 2022

##### PARTICIPANT REGISTRATION (ON-SITE):  
Until April 17, 2022
Note: Remote teams only need to register the team.

The **official invoice will be sent out as soon as we have organized the payment process**. After registration we will keep you updated on this.

## RCLL Aachen - 2022 Registration:

To register a team each team leader(s) collects details on the teams' participants (including themselves) and fills out this [registration form](https://forms.gle/irA5CjzY4CDd4jMB7).

*Note that all data entered into this form is solely used for the registration process and will be deleted by us after the event.*

Before the event we will send a document regarding the use of photos and videos taken during the event, which all participants must sign and bring with them.

*Note:*
If you wish to modify your registration you can send a copy of the form to your mail (slider at the end of the registration form). With it you can modify your registration. Or the registration form must be completely filled out another time (only the last submission before the deadline counts). Also late registration of participants, after the deadline, is possible but at a higher fee for the late registered participants!

## RCLL in Aachen - 2022 Venue:

For teams participating on-site, the venue is part of the premises of the Laboratory for Machine Tools and Production Engineering (WZL).

##### VENUE ADDRESS
WZL of RWTH Aachen \
Campus-Boulevard 30 \
52074 Aachen \
Germany

https://www.wzl.rwth-aachen.de

Or see on google maps [here](https://goo.gl/maps/9qCTTmw724j2EqCd9).

##### Accomodation
The following lists a suggestion of local hostels/hotels (sorted in ascending order according to a price estimation):

| Hotel name                   |  URL |
|:-----------------------------|:-----|
|a&o hostel Aachen Hauptbahnhof: | https://www.aohostels.com/en/aachen |
|B&B Hotel Aachen-City: | https://www.hotel-bb.com/en/hotel/aachen-city |
|INNSIDE Aachen: | https://www.melia.com/en/hotels/germany/aachen/innside-aachen/index.htm |
|Mercure Hotel Aachen am Dom: | https://all.accor.com/hotel/5326/index.en.shtml |

**Note that we do not have any affiliation with any of these hotels!** Please consider the list above as a plain suggestion.

*Please contact us if you need to ship your robots beforehand.*

## RCLL Aachen - 2022 Covid19/Corona Rules

Due to the situation regarding the pandemic, we will be paying attention to the health of all participants at this event. Therefore, access (both participants and spectators) is only possible under the **2G+ rule (vaccinated or recovered both with an additional official negative test or for boostered people a self-test)**. For this you need a proof which is valid in the EU.

Even if many of the Corona rules could be dropped before the event, we currently assume, since we are staying with many people in an indoor area, that we require you to wear a medical mask all the time and do an official Corona test or self-test every day.

Overall we'd like to let participants enjoy the competition instead of worrying about their health.

## RCLL Aachen - 2022 Drinks and food

There are some shops around the premises of WZL Aachen so we currently do not consider organizing any additional catering.

## RCLL Aachen - 2022 RCLL rules

Currently the changes to the rulebook of the RCLL are still a work in progress but we will consider the latest release of the rulebook **available at the beginning of the event - May 2.** to be found under the following link :

https://github.com/robocup-logistics/rcll-rulebook/releases

If you are interested in a committed participation in the RCLL Aachen event, please fill out the registration form from above.

See you soon in Aachen and stay healthy.

Commit message:

content/registration: add note on test centres

content/home/registration.md, after:

---
widget: pages
headless: true
weight: 30
title: Registration 
subtitle: Information as sent out via email
active: true
---

As we're approaching closer to the actual event registration is now live and the event will be held under the following conditions:

## RCLL Aachen - 2022 Registration Fees and Deadlines

##### MAJOR FEES:

Thanks to the Laboratory for Machine Tools and Production Engineering (WZL) of RWTH Aachen University, Festo Didactic and the MASCOR Institute we were able to reduce the costs of the RCLL Aachen event to a minimum which doesn't justify the previously announced registration fees anymore.

Hence there will be **no registration fee**.

##### TEAM REGISTRATION: 

Until April 17, 2022

##### PARTICIPANT REGISTRATION (ON-SITE):  
Until April 17, 2022
Note: Remote teams only need to register the team.

The **official invoice will be sent out as soon as we have organized the payment process**. After registration we will keep you updated on this.

## RCLL Aachen - 2022 Registration:

To register a team each team leader(s) collects details on the teams' participants (including themselves) and fills out this [registration form](https://forms.gle/irA5CjzY4CDd4jMB7).

*Note that all data entered into this form is solely used for the registration process and will be deleted by us after the event.*

Before the event we will send a document regarding the use of photos and videos taken during the event, which all participants must sign and bring with them.

*Note:*
If you wish to modify your registration you can send a copy of the form to your mail (slider at the end of the registration form). With it you can modify your registration. Or the registration form must be completely filled out another time (only the last submission before the deadline counts). Also late registration of participants, after the deadline, is possible but at a higher fee for the late registered participants!

## RCLL in Aachen - 2022 Venue:

For teams participating on-site, the venue is part of the premises of the Laboratory for Machine Tools and Production Engineering (WZL).

##### VENUE ADDRESS
WZL of RWTH Aachen \
Campus-Boulevard 30 \
52074 Aachen \
Germany

https://www.wzl.rwth-aachen.de

Or see on google maps [here](https://goo.gl/maps/9qCTTmw724j2EqCd9).

##### Accomodation
The following lists a suggestion of local hostels/hotels (sorted in ascending order according to a price estimation):

| Hotel name                   |  URL |
|:-----------------------------|:-----|
|a&o hostel Aachen Hauptbahnhof: | https://www.aohostels.com/en/aachen |
|B&B Hotel Aachen-City: | https://www.hotel-bb.com/en/hotel/aachen-city |
|INNSIDE Aachen: | https://www.melia.com/en/hotels/germany/aachen/innside-aachen/index.htm |
|Mercure Hotel Aachen am Dom: | https://all.accor.com/hotel/5326/index.en.shtml |

**Note that we do not have any affiliation with any of these hotels!** Please consider the list above as a plain suggestion.

*Please contact us if you need to ship your robots beforehand.*

## RCLL Aachen - 2022 Covid19/Corona Rules

Due to the situation regarding the pandemic, we will be paying attention to the health of all participants at this event. Therefore, access (both participants and spectators) is only possible under the **2G+ rule (vaccinated or recovered both with an additional official negative test or for boostered people a self-test)**. For this you need a proof which is valid in the EU.

Even if many of the Corona rules could be dropped before the event, we currently assume, since we are staying with many people in an indoor area, that we require you to wear a medical mask all the time and do an official Corona test or self-test every day.

Overall we'd like to let participants enjoy the competition instead of worrying about their health.

### Test centres available
You can either lookup test centres close by to your particular accomodation at [testen-in-aachen.de](https://testen-in-aachen.de) or take the test centre that is close to the venue (~13 minutes walk) at the Uniklinik RWTH Aachen:
 * [Google Maps location](https://goo.gl/maps/MLX2PCQXfyPPYWG29)
 * [Test centre registration site](https://app.no-q.info/sanitaetshaus-koczyba-gmbh-5/checkins/)

## RCLL Aachen - 2022 Drinks and food

There are some shops around the premises of WZL Aachen so we currently do not consider organizing any additional catering.

## RCLL Aachen - 2022 RCLL rules

Currently the changes to the rulebook of the RCLL are still a work in progress but we will consider the latest release of the rulebook **available at the beginning of the event - May 2.** to be found under the following link :

https://github.com/robocup-logistics/rcll-rulebook/releases

If you are interested in a committed participation in the RCLL Aachen event, please fill out the registration form from above.

See you soon in Aachen and stay healthy.
